Add Fleet & Agent 8.10.2 Release Notes (#509)
elastic/ingest-docs: docs/en/ingest-management/release-notes/release-notes-8.10.asciidoc

The following examples require a server in your air-gapped environment that will expose the key you will have downloaded from `https://artifacts.elastic.co/GPG-KEY-elastic-agent``.

_Example 1: Manual_

Edit the {agent} server hosts file to add the following content:

[source,sh]
----
<YOUR_HOST_IP> artifacts.elastic.co
----

The Linux hosts file path is `/etc/hosts`.

Windows hosts file path is `C:\Windows\System32\drivers\etc\hosts`.

_Example 2: Puppet_

[source,yaml]
----
host { 'elastic-artifacts':
  ensure       => 'present'
  comment      => 'Workaround for PGP check'
  ip           => '<YOUR_HOST_IP>'
}
----

_Example 3: Ansible_

[source,yaml]
----
- name  : 'elastic-artifacts'
  hosts : 'all'
  become: 'yes'  

  tasks:
    - name: 'Add entry to /etc/hosts'
      lineinfile:
        path: '/etc/hosts'
        line: '<YOUR_HOST_IP> artifacts.elastic.co'
----

====

[discrete]
[[enhancements-8.10.2]]
=== Enhancements

{agent}::
* Updated Go version to 1.20.8. {agent-pull}3393[#3393]

[discrete]
[[bug-fixes-8.10.2]]
=== Bug fixes

{fleet}::

> * Fix force delete package, updated used by agents check. ({kibana-pull}166623[#166623])

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Fixed force delete package API, fixed validation check to reject request if package is used by agents. ({kibana-pull}166623[#166623])
```
